Privacy Policy for Select English vocabulary

Last updated: 2024/5/28

Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share information about you when you use the Cambridge Dictionary Extension ("Extension").

Information We Collect
1. Information You Provide Directly:

Selected Text: When you select text on a webpage and use the context menu to look up the selected text in a dictionary, we collect that selected text to provide the lookup functionality.
2. Information Collected Automatically:

Browser Activity: We may collect information about the web pages you visit only in relation to the selected text you choose to look up in the dictionary.
How We Use the Information
We use the information we collect to:

Provide dictionary lookup services by using the selected text to search in the chosen dictionary.
Improve the functionality of the Extension.
Information Sharing
We do not share your personal information with third parties except as necessary to perform the core function of the Extension, which is looking up selected text in the dictionary you choose.

Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. All data transmissions are encrypted using HTTPS.

Your Choices
1. Managing Your Information:

You can choose which dictionary to use for lookups within the Extension settings.
2. Storage:

We use Chrome's storage API to save your selected dictionary and language preferences locally on your device.
Data Retention
We retain your preferences (selected dictionary and language) as long as you use the Extension. These preferences can be deleted by uninstalling the Extension.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Email: jimmy94870857@gmail.com
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/jimmy-lin-8a80302a6
By using the Cambridge Dictionary Extension, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.